// contains types from the schema which should be substituted instantly

stringUIDBaseType std::string
stringBaseType    std::string
doubleBaseType    double
integerBaseType   int
booleanBaseType   bool
dateTimeBaseType  std::time_t
complexBaseType

// maps xsd types to C++ types

xsd:byte          int8_t
xsd:unsignedByte  uint8_t
xsd:short         int16_t
xsd:unsignedShort uint16_t
xsd:int           int32_t
xsd:unsignedInt   uint32_t
xsd:long          int64_t
xsd:unsignedLong  uint64_t
xsd:integer       int
xsd:boolean       bool
xsd:float         float
xsd:double        double
xsd:decimal       double  // TODO: implement custom type?
xsd:dateTime      std::time_t
xsd:string        std::string
