CPACSCreator{#mainpage}
==================

@section pointers Documentation pointers
The goal of this documentation is to facilitate the understanding of TiGL for all the users. 
Depending of your objective you may be interested by different parts.
 Please find bellow some pointers that might help you.
    
@ref main_overview : An overview of TiGL and CPACSCreator     
@ref tigl_installation , @ref tuto , @ref lib_intrernal_python_demo : To get your hand dirty     
@ref gui : CPACSCreator GUI (ex-TiGL Viewer) documentation     
@ref lib : Library and API overview and examples     
@ref parameters_def : Definition of the height level parameters used by this framework       
Module, Namespace, Data Structures, Files: API and class documentation generated by doxygen (close to the code source)
 

@section main_overview Overview 

The goal of CPACSCreator framework is to facilitate the processing, the editing and the creation of the 
geometric data stored inside CPACS data sets.    

CPACSCreator offers query functions for the geometry structure. 
These functions can be used for example to detect how many segments are attached to a certain segment, 
which indices these segments have, or how many wings and fuselages the current airplane configuration contains. 
This functionality is necessary because not only the modeling of simple wings or fuselages but also the 
description of quite complicated structures with branches or flaps is targeted.    

Furthermore, the CPACSCreator offers functions to modify or to create CPACS geometries. 
These functions can be used for example to modify the wing sweep angle, the fuselage length, the orientation of a section 
or to create a wing from scratch. They are necessary to avoid the manual editing of CPACS xml file.
The idea was to provide a friendly interface to CPACS geometrical data and to hide the complexity of 
the CPACS format. To do this a set of high level parameters was defined. You can find the exact definition of these 
parameters here: @subpage parameters_def .
 
The framework is release under Apache2 license.
The developed library uses the Open Source software OpenCASCADE to represent the airplane geometry by 
B-spline surfaces in order to compute surface points and also to export the geometry in the IGES/STEP/STL/VTK format. 



@section diff_tigl_creator CPACSCreator and TiGL Project

The CPACSCreator is the continuity of the original TiGL project (https://github.com/DLR-SC/tigl). 
Basically TiGL library was extended with functionalities to edit CPACS geometrical data. 
Editing features was also added to TiGL Viewer and TiGL Viewer becomes CPACSCreator.
The idea is to integrate these new functionalities back into the orignal TiGL project once they are stable enough. 
To be clear about the nomenclature used in this documentation, we use TiGL to refer to the new TiGL library and original 
TiGL library to refer to current TiGL3 library. 

@section cpacscreator_structure Framework structure 

CPACSCreator framework can be divided into two main blocks: 

* @ref lib    
  The TiGL library is a C++ library and is really the core of CPACSCreator framework. This library contains all
  the logic of the geometrical CPACS data manipulation. The library can be accessed by other programs through 
  the TiGL API (limited functionalities) and the internal python API (full functionalities) for python programs.
  
* @ref gui    
  The CPACSCreator GUI is a graphical user interface (GUI) to view, edit and create CPACS geometries. 
  The goal of CPACSCreator GUI is to have a friendly user interface so that aircraft designers can easily view and modify 
  CPACS geometry. CPACSCreator GUI simply calls library functions each time an object is modified and 
  has convenience features to edit the file as undo/redo feature and profiles database.
  

@section functionalities Creator functionalities 

Here we will present a non-exhaustive list of the functionalities added by CPACSCreator to the TiGL project.
These functionalities are, in general, accessible through the @ref lib_python or the @ref gui. 

* Edit wing 
* Edit fuselage 
* Edit wing section 
* Edit fuselage section
* Add wing section
* Add fuselage section  
* Edit positionings
* Standardization of positionings
* Create a wing
* Create a fuselage 


@section limitations  Known limitations

* **Multiple elements per section is not supported.**
  This comes from the fact that for decomposing a matrix properly, two cpacs 
  transformations of the type scaling * rotation * translation are needed
  for each section (and not only one as required by the CPACS standard). 
* **Guide curve are not supported now.**
  So, if a wing or fuselage containing guide curves exists,
  be aware that editing the geometry can break the CPACS structure.
  Prefer to first edit/create the geometry then add the guide curve.
* **Pylons are not supported now**
* **Component segments are not fully supported now.**
  Editing a geometry that contains component segments will not break the structure, 
  but can have unwanted effect on the component.  

@page gui CPACSCreator GUI
@page lib CPACSCreator Library
@page tigl_installation Installation
